This is the Mahayana, according to the Mahayana Buddha's life stories.
There is a parabola, Buddha's life story. The Mahayana Buddha's life story is generally basically
the same.
But the Mahayana Buddha's life story is best or the same as the 12 deeds.
The 12 deeds are more detailed and more familiar. This is the Buddha's life story of the Mahayana.
It is known as Lalitavasra. In Sanskrit, I will see what this is here.
This is a very good gesture of Lalitavasra.
And what this is? I am sorry you don't release this.
Anyway, it is very, very good. The Kangyu has made over 100 volumes, and this is in the Sutra
section, Mahayana Sutra section, and it is the second volume.
And the way the Buddha taught this teaching is he taught this teaching at the Shavastha and the J
ada of Groves.
He taught this, and it has about eight books or eight chapters, so it is really eight chapters or
bigger than that.
And who translated is again the time of the 'Gurupan Mahsambhana'.
Nana Shela and Muney Varma, and the great translator, Pende Ishide, who is one of the 25 disciples,
who is flying or hovering in the sky as a bird.
I think this one up on the top, really. This is I think Ishide, so he is a very famous translator.
He is the only translator, so many teaching of this great master.
So, that is it. But now, go to the trace of what I said. So, now, Buddha, firstly, Buddha is in the
Tushida heaven, known as Dhambatoka in Tibet,
and the supreme holder of the crown jewel. I think maybe that is the name, Dhambatoka.
And then, he was teaching in the Tushida heaven, so many gods and males and females, and everyone
is enjoying.
But on the music, on the music song, when they are playing the music, song that comes to Dhambatoka
,
now is your time to go to the human world to benefit, help with that.
So, you must be considering to think of the human world. That came in the music world.
They are playing the music songs. So, then, because of those indications, Dhambatoka appointed his
regent or his regent as Buddha material,
the Bodhisattva material, as the teacher of the Tushida heaven, and he put his crown over the
material,
and now, I will go to the human world to help.
And then, every god, everyone says, "Where you go, human world, where you will go?
Which country? Where are you thinking at all?" Everyone has so many different opinions.
You should go. And what kind of parent you should take? Everyone, yeah, really has.
And then, particularly in India at that time, or not that time, it's still true now,
there are very few, six civilized countries, and all these different kingdoms.
Those are known as the Varanasi is one, and the Sharasala is one, and then in the Koshambha is one,
and there is called Nipi,
I think Sankheda area, which is Indian called Sankheda, and then Vaishali, India, and then Raji
Green, and all that.
So, there are different, really, kind of rulers, very civilized, according to the teaching.
Very prospheric, very peaceful, very low of the orders, cultures, music, dance,
and then all the, really, theatres and performances, that is like modern times, according to the
teaching, so much.
And also, they have distinctively cultural differences, kind of rules and regulations.
So, all the gods, if you choose to go to India, which country you will go?
Sankheda is good to go to the Raji Green, that which is very kind of being civilized country, kind
known as Bhimati.
And Sankheda is a present, you know, kind of father, his father is a Kiarastha god, these things.
So, then Bodhisattva, who is now a Bodhisattva ambatoga, who is going to become the Buddha Shakyam
uni,
he looked everywhere, places, and of course, he knew already where he'd like to go to, to beat that
.
And he looked at everyone, and all his great country, beautiful civilized country, everything,
but not perfect to be as the parent of the Buddha himself, she understood.
So, he saw that his mother, the particular father of course, Shuddhodan, and the mother Maya Devi,
and the mother Maya Devi, he saw the perfect mother, perfect mother,
the perfect college of the great ladies, ladies, and beautiful, calm, peaceful, very generous,
the open mind, yet so deep and like calm, and all the perfect, and beauty, and knowledge,
and understand every aspect of the, that the human being can have, and also particularly woman can
have.
He has all those qualities, and so virtuous, and so good. So, he is the designated mother.
So, those are the kind of simple way to tell it.
And now, so now, the Buddha came in the form of the, everyone said,
how now you're going to enter the Maya Devi's womb, one we choose.
Everyone said these and their things, but all Buddha thought that I'm going to benefit for all the
beings,
and I'm going to go to the womb as ancient Brahma Indian,
what they called best way to enter the mother's womb.
And they used ancient Brahma, they said the child or the person who had the capability to enter the
mother's womb,
really six task elephant, three task here, three task here, six task white elephant,
those, that person who have their capabilities, that person will become very noble.
They divine that child. So, they used that, and so Buddha transformed in the form of the white
elephant,
with six task, and all the gods and everyone is making such a big celebration of honor,
and the Buddha entered the green Maya Devi's womb, on the full moon days.
And so now, Buddha entered, and he also, Mother dreamed the same thing.
Same thing, six task elephant with beautiful jewel and only entered to the mother, to her king,
came to her.
He dreamed, and then she said those dream to her, her husband, who is the king, he showed up, said
this.
And they were very delighted. This is the only son of them, they had not had any child,
and they really expected to have the son or the child they had for a long time.
So, this time, like all those indications come, she is so excited, Father is so excited,
so excited, so happy, and everything is so, they kept perfectly beautiful to the mother,
exactly in the teaching, always they said, not too cold, that that pregnant lady should stay,
not too cold, not too hard, and very cool, pleasant. That lady also should not hurt any unpleasant
things,
kind of always nice and beautiful. So, according to the season, he will have everything,
the food is also not too hot, not too sweet, not too sour, kind of nice balance of the food,
and all those teachings, so they did everything, everything they did.
And she was also so calm and physical, particularly she already calm and physical,
when Buddha, she considered that Buddha, and she becomes so calm, so physical, so happy, so blessed
,
and also her body become light, starts heavy, all the dark, and light, and all that.
So, now, the Buddha, according to the teaching, Buddha stayed in the womb 10 months, 10 months.
So, now is the dude, kind of coming, Buddha is coming, coming, so what is this now?
So, now Buddha is, Buddha is coming here.
What is this now?
Now Buddha is really, and when Buddha is again, concept in that time,
generally, there is so many beautiful ajpichas, extra ordinary, kind of like natural occurrence
that happened in the city of the Kapilavastu, in the way, in the Buddha's kingdom, that area.
So many beautiful things happened, and there is, there is like 30, I mean 32 different omens,
beautiful omens came,
and beautiful plovals are closed now, it's like when Buddha is ready to come out,
and all the bones are filled with so many beautiful plovals, and all the trees are in it,
coming so many beautiful leaves, and also so many plovals, and those are also very bright in the
stones,
stone, and so believed, and so many kind of treasures are also kind of happenings,
and many family holders are in the house, also many kind of light beams of light are coming,
and fragments, or celestial fragments are happening, happening,
and then so many people, all every kind of city, the peoples have become so friendly, so kind,
so nice to each other, to each other, and then also this Khanshudodana has many elephants,
as Khanshudodana actually saw, the elephant, and they began to give the birds, birds,
and those babies are also, when they give the birth of the baby elephant,
and those baby elephants are all coming to the Khanshudodana, and smelling, or the trom,
the smell of the Khanshudodana, the feet, golden feet, the feet, and then many kind of like,
celestial boys are arising, eperors with beautiful birds, and they all came,
and then the Queen Maya Devi has also so many ratchet, lady ratcheons, they all come in their kind
of labs,
and they play, rolling in and out, all this, and many naga girls came,
they kind of appeared from the space as a hot body, and they began to having the like, pickled
feathers,
and pickled feathers, and so many, also goddesses are holding the, what's called vase,
vase with the fragrance of water, and they are carrying, they are singing, they are dancing,
dancing, and singing, so all these beautiful things really happening,
and then there is a kind of, all the unpleasant noise that are completely disappeared,
and all the beautiful sounds of birds are singing, dance, singing, and they are playing, or they
are dancing,
and essentially, it's just an atmosphere of the entire city and the country of the jharas,
that become so beautiful, so perfect, so perfect, so calm, and so peaceful, so that's really what
happened.
Happened, and then also many kind of musical things, the pregnant thing, all that happened,
I mean it's continually listed, and then, so that, and at that time, at that time,
and Queen Maya Devi is sitting on the very lines, beautiful, precious throne,
throne, she now feel is ready to give her, give the bird, bird is coming soon, she really thought
that,
and she thought that, but she all at the same time, she feel she like to go to the garden,
she like to go to the garden, she kind of longing of going to the garden, become very strong,
or park, going to the park, become very strong, and so,
and so then when that happened, then she came to the, to her husband, who was the king, said that,
king, have you permitted me, permitted me, I like to go to the garden,
I feel very, very kind of desire to go to the garden, and let me go to the garden,
if you can, you can prepare, make preparations, and when she said that, and he immediately over
delighted,
and he prepared everything, everything in order to ask all the, the, the, the ministers,
and all the maidens, and retinues, please make every preparation,
the Queen Maya Devi is going to the, to the garden, make every good preparations, preparations,
so, so then he did that, and he was, then she, she went with, with so many warriors,
warriors have become as protectors of hers, and so many beautiful young girls are kind of
companions,
companions, and many elders and knowledge, all, they are all kind of protecting of her,
and she, King Chododana, organized with beautiful, also continual beautiful music, and celebrations
,
and then, with, that's what, how she went, and then in place where he's going,
King Chododana has, according to the teaching, he has four gardens in four different directions,
so this time he's going to Lumbini garden, Lumbini garden, gardens, and Lumbini garden,
where she's going, again, they prepared so beautiful, perfectly, everything kind of nice
and beautiful, and just say every arrangement, they did, so that's what, and that moment
when she's arrived there, there, and moment she arrived there, and now she feels that
she's going to give the birth, and when he arrived there, there's so many beautiful trees,
so many in the Lumbini tree, but one tree is standing so kind of like, totally, or totally,
or I'm standing in notice of the body, and it's kind of like mostly inviting the Queen Maya
to come to that tree, and in a way, extending the branches toward her, toward her,
and the area is also so beautiful, it's so green, green and vast in space,
and all the grass looks like shimmering with light as pickled feathers, pickled feathers,
and also very smooth and gentle that it is, and then that moment, the gods in the sky
started singing the songs, songs, and this, that is the song, and they're singing the song,
and they're bowing down toward that tree, and so she came, she came to that tree, and when that
happened,
and trees also bowing down to the Queen Maya Davis, Queen Maya, in the way of King Maya Davis,
and so, and Maya Davis kind of extended her right arm, kind of as a lightening to that kind of like
,
binding or the tree trunks up, limbs right, limbs are mostly binding toward her,
and she also extended, so they kind of immediately just touched to each other, or welcomed to each
other,
like a right hand, and that moment that desire them, so many goddess came to Maya Davis,
and they began to respect it to her, and then, and then so many again, beautiful things happened,
beautiful things happened, and then that moment Buddha came, Buddha was born, came without any kind
of effect,
or the, or the, any, any kind of defect of that, just so alert, so mindful, so clear,
and without any, that he came, and that moment, moment, again the Buddha is saying,
"Oh, all the noble, noble, noble students, that time when I came at that moment,
moment King of the Indira, the King of the God Indira, and as well as the Brahman,
they both are right in front of you, they both are, both as divine white cloth,
where is, like divine white cloth, so close, so close, that will, that will completely cover his
body,
and they try to, they pick up, pick up that, pick up them, pick up the Buddha, baby Buddha.
And so when they're trying to pick up that, and some others, Sutra said,
and Buddha said, immediately called to Indira, Kaushaka is the name of the, another name of the Ind
ira,
and Kaushaka, don't touch me, don't touch me, and he said that, and he walked seven steps,
each direction, directions, and here also Sutra, moment I was born, and I, I walked, I walked,
walked, and as like, I walked to the, looked to different directions,
and another king, known as Gavu, in a near Gavu, they all appeared, appeared in the sky,
and they showered me, really, really cool and, and warm waters,
and then, as well as many guards, and also showered, and so many plovers are dropped in the sky, on
the ground,
and so many, pretty much he won't go there, and then, so, I walked seven steps in the different
directions,
or different directions, then I, sitting on the lotus, lotus, with a so-called number,
and looking in the four different directions, as lines get in the gates of the fearlessness,
and, and that moment, also that everyone, all the people who see me, saw, saw the baby body, Buddha
,
Buddha, they had, they also immediately able to maintain perfect morality, perfect concentration,
perfect also, wisdom status, status, status, and, and so, they again, I'm here, so here,
and, and, and really, also Buddha is, the baby Buddha is completely alert and clay in the wisdom,
and so, therefore, with that, with that, and say that, every activity I will do,
all will come with the bodhisattva activity, or the bodhisattva activities,
that is the, every activity, activity, or every action I take, that will do.
He said that, and walked in the toward the east direction, seven steps,
and then he walked to the, the, the sort of directions, and I will be the, the, I will be the,
I will be the, the object of venerations of the gods and humans, humans, and walked the seven steps
,
and the seven steps, walked in the west direction, I am the supreme in the samsaras,
and, and the west, and the seven steps, walked on the north, and he said,
this is my last birth, getting old, sicknesses, and death, death,
and I will defeat all of them, he said, and then, and, and I will be the,
the supreme teacher in the human world, said, and walked seven steps in the northern directions,
and I will remove all the obstacles and negativities, and I will, that cool down all the lower revs
, lower revs,
and he said, and he walked the different directions again, and walked, he looked upward,
or I, Buddha looked almost, I mean, this is the Buddha's teaching, so he said, I looked up the
world,
that I will, well, every living beings to the enlightenment stages, sit there, and he looked up to
the sky,
and the moment he's met those statements, means, and that kind of heard by all, every different
directions,
every different directions, and then, all that, everyone is also very excited, happy to see, see,
see, and to me, or to baby Buddha, and then they started playing, dancing, and singing, and all
that,
so that is my brief story, it's about the world today.
Thank you. Okay, this is really more, this is the more things, all this, so, that's it.
Yeah, I think that's the, that's the, kind of, just the birthday section, so that, according,
according to very Buddhism, that happened today. According to very, kind of, and then according to
Therapada,
that happened last month, they're all in one same day, in which the full moon, birthday, in that
enlightenment,
Mahaparin nirvana, all is, I think, in the same day, the full moon, but the beginning is,
today is the birthday, and next week, I think it's Tuesday, right? Next Tuesday is the full moon,
and that is the enlightenment in Mahaparin nirvana. And then, everything, also carefully,
Buddha said, like, what's called, twelve deeds. Twelve deeds, and what are those, twelve deeds?
Entering the mother's womb, taking the birth, and then starting, and then wedding, and then ren
ouncing,
and then asatic practices, and then walking toward the body, to the enlightenment,
and then sitting under the body trees, and getting, or defeating all the obstacles,
and then getting enlightenment, and then turning the veil of dharma, and turning the Mahaparin nir
vana,
those are the, are the twelve deeds, I think. Among that, so really, if you think carefully,
this, this next week, next week, is one of the, one of the twelve deeds is walking toward the body
tree.
That also happening next week. And then also, defeating all the mārās, that also happening on
that full moon.
That is one of the twelve deeds. And then getting enlightenment, of course, that.
So this is, many times they say, like, very special day of the birth, among all the twelve
activities,
the Buddha did, like, three is manual, but the two others, in all that way, Buddha really did more
than three,
five, I think, all did is happen on this month. So therefore, this month is considered
in one of the very special months of the virtues, to do the virtues activity.
It multiplies, like, hundreds and hundreds of thousand times.
They call it teaching, really. That's it. Thank you. Thank you, Ramachand. Thank you.
Mucho gracias. And now, Andy, come here.